fix: better explain animation-timeline view() function (#28729)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation-timeline/view/index.md

  margin: 0 auto;
}

p {
  font-size: 1.5rem;
  line-height: 1.8;
}
```

To aid the understanding of the result, extra elements `subject-container`, `top`, and `bottom` have been used. The `subject-container` shows the bounds of the animation. And semi transparent overlays `top` and `bottom` mark inset offsetted scrollport.

```css
.subject-container {
  border: 2px dashed black;
  width: 300px;
  margin: 0 auto;
}

.overlay {
  position: fixed;
  width: 100%;
  background-color: #f5deb3aa;
  display: flex;
  font-size: 1.2rem;
  font-weight: bold;
  color: red;
  justify-content: flex-end;
}

.top {
  top: 0;
  height: 244px;
  align-items: end;
}

.bottom {
  top: 432px;
  height: 48px;
}
```

> In the following code, the `<div>` with the class of `subject` is also given a class of `animation`. The set animation `grow` causes the `subject` element to grow or shrink. The `animation-timeline: view(block 55% 10%)` is set to declare that it will be animated as it progresses through the view progress timeline provided by its scrolling ancestor (in this case the document's root element).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following code, the `<div>` with the class of `subject` is also given a class of `animation`. The `grow` animation causes the `subject` element to grow or shrink. The `animation-timeline: view(block 55% 10%)` is set to declare that it will be animated as it progresses through the view progress timeline provided by its scrolling ancestor (in this case the document's root element).
```

> Note how the inset value of `50% 10%`, while scrolling down, causes the animation to start at 10% from the bottom and finish at 50% from the top. As animation moves forward the `subject` grows. Conversely, while scrolling up the animation starts, in reverse direction, at 50% from the top and ends at 10% from the bottom. So, as the animation happens backwards the `subject` shrinks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While scrolling down, note how the inset value of `50% 10%` causes the animation to start at 10% from the bottom and finish at 50% from the top. As animation moves forward along the timeline the `subject` grows. Conversely, when scrolling up the animation proceeds in the reverse direction, starting at 50% from the top, moving backward through the animation, and ending at 10% from the bottom. So, as the animation happens backwards the `subject` shrinks.
```

> Important point to remember is that the animation lasts as long as the `subject` element is in the view which has been offsetted using `50% 10%` inset values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important point to remember is that the animation lasts as long as the `subject` element is in the view which has been set and to be offset using `50% 10%` inset values.
```
